do you want to generate six figures in
six weeks with linkedin
yeah this guide's probably not going to
be the one for you i've just released my
brand new mini book
the no bs guide to linkedin lead gen why
did i create it
well since january 2020 and at the time
recording this we're in february
2021 i've generated just north of six
figures in sales
using linkedin all following this
strategy linkedin's not actually our
core focus either it's our third best
performing channel for revenue
so it's not something we spend all of
our time on and in this guide
it's concise it's to the point in fact
it's only 14 pages long
plus the best part it costs less than a
coffee and cake
from your favorite coffee store in terms
of the guide
we cover all sorts of things in terms of
connecting with your idle customers
how you can find warm leads how you can
create content
your ideal clients and buyers will love
and
a range of different ways to build a
structure
and a repeatable process that for the
long term
will position you as the trusted
authority in your industry
and generate a steady flow of inbound
opportunities and leads
if you want to grab yourself a copy i'll
put a link in the description below
so you can do that yourself plus i'm
launching a little competition
so if you just want to subscribe to the
channel and leave a comment below i'll
enter you
for a chance to win one of 10 copies for
myself
and we'll announce the winner in the
comments in a week's time
good luck and enjoy the book